Hey it's Bruno here.
Looks like you're starting to get comfortable around Kaikohe Corpora.
Glad to see you enjoying yourself.
Hey listen I just got out of a meeting with our CEO and he's really concerned about security in our
products being hacked.
I heard you have some experience with security auditing and I was wondering if you could do a little
audit for us and improve our security best practices maybe update our guidelines.
Yeah.
All right.
Thanks.
You're awesome.
By the way Grace Miles always I like your attitude oh boy.
Here we go again.
It's time for us to update the security policies and guidelines at Kaikohe Corp. So they don't become
victims of data breaches viruses and other bad things.
This is going to be a really fun topic.
It's one of my favorites.
So let's get into it.
And by the end of it we can update Keiko Korps security policy and make it a modern company that is
smart about its security.
I'll see in the next video.